Fix formatting for NOTES sections (#22139)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/debug-stackoverflow.md

````

> [!NOTE]
> On .NET 5 and later, the callstack is output to the console.

> [!NOTE]

> > This article describes how to debug a StackOverflow with lldb. If you are running on Windows, we suggest debugging the app with [Visual Studio](/visualstudio/debugger/what-is-debugging) or [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This article describes how to debug a stack overflow with lldb. If you are running on Windows, we suggest debugging the app with [Visual Studio](/visualstudio/debugger/what-is-debugging) or [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging).  
```
